On Noo Ri.
Stop what you're doing and leave them.
- Father. - Leave now.
On Noo Ri.
The eldest son of Chief On Joo Sik.
Don't touch him.
- Why not? - You aren't...
supposed to harm family members.
Right, Hong Joo?
You aren't...
supposed to harm family members.
What now?
Should I take in these dogs for you?
I mean,
the great Cha family has been getting...
harassed by these worthless scumbags.
It breaks my heart to see you like this.
I will take care of this.
No.
Let's see...
what...
Vice President Joo of JH can do.
Dad.
What's with that face?
You look like a child whose toy was taken away.
What's your plan?
Do you want to know?
Then can you help me?
Gosh, this melts in my mouth.
Excuse me, we'll take four more orders.
You just had 10 servings. Are you ordering 4 more?
Are you even a human?
No, I'm Cheetah.
The mighty landlord Mr. Kim Min Joon.
You must be running out of cash.
Do you want me to pay?
Don't worry, tenant Ms. Jang.
I'll take your overdue monthly rent.
Are we overdue?
- We are. - We haven't made much.
- I'll send it right now. - It's okay, Mr. Choi.
Who says so?
- Take it from key money. - What?
Oh, that's a way.
- What did you say? - Take it off.
- What? - Take it off.
Take it off. Four servings of chuck flap tail.
Gosh, you beggar-like dogs.
That's why we're...
- Mad Dog! - Mad Dog!
Mr. Kim.
Is this a challenge?
Drink, drink, drink
How can she drink that?
What if she dies?
You might get sick.
What's wrong?
My father is...
about to make a move.
Where are Mr. Choi and Pentium?
I'm going back to the office.
I feel sick.
Hey, move your head.
You should go home.
We have to close too.
Okay.
Be careful.
Where are we?
What do you think?
We're at your home.
Why are we here?
Why? To go to sleep.
Sleep?
Are we sleeping together?
No, just you.
I see.
- Wait. - What?
You're sober.
No, I'm not.
You idiot.
That hurt.
Are you hurt?
I'm hurt too.
I can't let you get hurt,
Ms. Jang.
Yes?
What?
Ms. Jang.
Come on, wake up.
Kim Min Joon.
Where are we?
What do you think?
We're at your home.
Why are we here?
Why? To go to sleep.
Oh, my gosh! Get lost!
Will you get lost?
Get lost.
This is unbelievable.
My gosh, come on.
I spent the night here to protect you.
So why on earth would you protect me?
Goodness, you two are way too noisy.
You're the one who left me with this beast?
Did you two beasts have a lot of fun?
Mr. Kim, your bed was really comfortable.
Where's Pentium?
It's already mid-day. Is he still asleep?
Noo Ri!
Noo Ri is taking some time off.
What? Why?
Family affair.
Family?
Pentium has a family?
Wait.
Members of Mad Dog,
I think you should take a look at this.
Recently, we have grieved our dear customers...
of Taeyang Insurance for the trouble...
which recently took place.
We truly apologize for...
delaying the payment of rightful claims,
and for not informing...
the ways to retrieve dormant claims.
We sincerely apologize.
Above all,
we understand the financial damages...
you received from unpaid rightful claims.
We promise...
to compensate according to procedures.
As a part of the management,
I sincerely apologize and hold the responsibility.
On behalf of the entire management,
we would like to apologize once again.
(Executive Director Cha Hong Joo)
Yes?
How was it?
How did it feel to bow down?
Isn't it better to take care of things with money?
I'm sure this isn't why you called.
It is. I was wondering...
how you were doing.
Mr. Joo Hyun Ki.
I prepared a gift for you to make you feel better.
Don't be too excited.
A gift?
Excuse me for making a call in the middle.
Vice President Joo,
based on your phone conversation,
you sound like a silly man.
That's why you can't judge by appearance.
Who would've known?
Who would've thought a very strict...
Chief of Seoul Prosecutors' Office...
would have a son like that?
You put your son aside safely, right?
I need to give someone a gift.
So you should start catching the dog.
They must be going in by now.
(On Noo Ri)
I just got caught.
The prosecution will rush in soon.
What?
The prosecution will be here?
Why? They should investigate Taeyang.
Chief On of Seoul Prosecutors' Office,
Noo Ri's father,
will be onto us.
Wait a minute.
Who is Noo Ri's father?
The Chief of Seoul Prosecutors' Office?
You guys must act like you didn't do anything.
Just tell them I did everything.
You did everything.
Not us.
Mr. Choi and Ms. Jang.
What are you two doing?
Are you Choi Kang Woo?
Yes, I am.
We're from Seoul Prosecutors' Office.
(Search and seizure warrant)
You're under arrest for...
intrusion of Taeyang Insurance...
Head Office in Seoul,
special larceny, and breaking...
communications privacy act...
and information network law.
What did you just say?
Special larceny?
What are you doing?
Jang Ha Ri, Park Soon Jung, Jan Gebauer.
Please come with me as witnesses.
- Take him away. - Yes, sir.
Father.
Your younger sister, Na Ra...
has passed the first round of law school exam.
You've always been like that since you were born.
You'd always stay low,
but at an important moment,
you would get up...
and ruin everything.
- Father. - Don't call me.
I told you.
You aren't a member of my family.
I'm sorry.
Put him where there is no internet.
Yes, sir.
Please give me your phone.
Gosh, why is there so much evidence?
The civil complaints flooding the Financial...
Supervisory Service and other websites...
were all caused by you and the IP address proves it.
Proof and witnesses of your intrusion into...
Taeyang head office have been secured already.
I did all of that.
Considering the size of the crime,
it couldn't have been done alone.
I did it all on my own.
I didn't do anything.
I refuse to make a statement.
Ma'am.
This is an investigation of a witness.
If you don't talk, it'll get more complicated.
Then I'll let it get more complicated.
Mr. Prosecutor.
I've been in jail five times already.
Do you think I'd want to serve again?
I didn't do anything.
Mr. Park Soon Jung.
You lived in that office...
called Mad Dog.
Like a hibernating bear,
I only slept there.
Anyway, call me a lawyer.
A lawyer?
This is an investigation of a witness.
This is frustrating.
I'm an ex-convict, so I know things.
I can be accompanied by a lawyer...
during an investigation of a witness.
Call me my lawyer.
I don't speak Korean.
I'm German.
Look. Mr. Jan Gebauer.
Just speak in Korean.
I know you had an interview...
with Reporter Bang Jin Seok in Korean.
Do you know this song?
Koreans love it.
Everyone is saying you did it alone.
Because I did.
I did it alone.
Everyone should leave the room.
And...
tell Prosecutor Kim to get out too.
Pardon?
Yes, sir.
(Seoul Prosecutors' Office)
It's nice to meet you,
Chief On Joo Sik.
You're saying it was all you.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have been arrested alone.
Tell me why you didn't arrest...
everyone in my team.
I'm...
getting tired of Taeyang...
and JH Group.
Will you be able to help me?
How can I be of help,
Chief On?
(Mad Dog: Help Me)
Chief On arrested Kang Woo and the gang...
and released them right away.
Yes, sir.
Vice President Joo said...
Chief On agreed to hold them for 48 hours.
I'm not sure what went wrong.
Hyun Ki got off on the wrong foot.
I told him not to harm family members.
I know he never felt father's love,
but why doesn't he know family always comes first?
(Chief On Joo Sik)
Your call is being forwarded to a voice...
Those sons of...
That's right.
They're dogs.
So...
what will happen now?
Tell me, Mr. Choi.
Chief On contacted Noo Ri...
last night and told him...
to stay away from us.
He told me to leave right away.
He said he'd arrest you and the others.
Noo Ri.
But it's weird, Mr. Choi.
He can just lock me up in a sanitarium.
But this time, he's saying he'll arrest us.
I believe Chief On...
needs us.
I'm sorry, Mr. Choi.
I think Mad Dog got caught because of me.
No, Noo Ri.
We'll take care of ourselves.
You better run away quickly.
No, I should get caught,
so my dad can rest easy.
Hey, if you get caught,
you can't come out again easily.
I'm not alone anymore.
Please tell Cheetah...
to find me no matter what.
Why should I find him?
That brat.
We spent two years together,
but he never told me anything about his father.
So?
What does Chief On want?
He wants something that won't let...
Taeyang and JH Group have influence on him.
I gave him something for Taeyang already.
Wait a second.
Did you...
give him the photo of the original insurance policy?
There seems to be what Vice President Joo...
is looking for among the things we confiscated.
What's that?
It's the video of...
the original insurance policy...
that belongs to the assistant pilot,
Kim Bum Joon who committed a suicide plane crash...
for 3.4 million dollars 2 years ago.
The original insurance policy?
What about it?
According to the original policy,
there was no way he could receive...
3.4 million dollars.
They fabricated the insurance policy...
and made it look like a suicide crash?
And the evidence is...
one of the confiscated items?
No,
it's not.
And the reason you're giving this to me?
I know well about what kind of person you are...
since Noo Ri told me a lot about you.
I heard you don't know how to give up.
You'll know if you check...
every single item which you confiscated,
but you won't be able to find...
anything that can stop JH's influence over you.
Taeyang Insurance's...
Chairman Cha has it.
The original...
black box footage of the incident.
Then...
you should go get it, Mr. Kang.
If I do,
what will you use it for?
Mr. Choi.
I'm a prosecutor.
It's to re-investigate on the Flight 801 crash...
and reveal the truth.
He'll re-investigate on it?
He wants to re-investigate on the case?
No way.
I can't believe it.
You can't believe it, can you?
Of course not.
So what shall we do? Sit back and watch?
What do you mean?
I thought you stopped that a long time ago.
Then we should get the black box footage first...
and throw it as a bait.
How will you get it?
We can't go into Chairman Cha's greenhouse again.
If we can't go in,
we can simply make him come out with it.
Make him come out with it?
Cha Hong Joo will become anxious...
once she hears that the hunting has started.
How will you let her know?
Will you go to her directly...
and inform her of the start?
Shall I?
What?
You told me to bark loud.
Shall I bark my way this time?
Not loud enough.
Is it?
By the way, why isn't Ms. Jang here yet?
Where's she?
Why are you shaking?
We're surrounded by people here.
Are you worried I might do something to you?
Get straight to the point.
Well, it's not anything serious.
I want you to help me with something.
Why should I?
What do you mean?
You disguised yourself as a curator...
and intruded my house illegally.
Do you have proof?
No, I don't.
I take my private life very seriously,
so I don't have any CCTVs installed in my house.
I'm worried the housekeepers might...
leak the footages and run away.
You want to know what kind of private life it is?
Do you want me to tell you?
No, thanks. If you have nothing more to say,
I'll leave first.
There's no CCTV,
but my housekeepers have eyes.
Don't you remember...
the housemaid who was at my house then?
Even if she saw me...
It wouldn't be a problem...
if she saw only you.
But what if she says she saw you...
as well as Kim Bum Joon's brother, Jan Gebauer?
What will happen then?
"The brother of the assistant pilot..."
"who crashed the plane intruded..."
"the house of Juhan Air's vice president."
And you're his accomplice.
My goodness.
What an enticing story. Don't you agree?
(Mr. Kim)
Is it Kim Bum Joon's brother?
Take it, Ms. Jang.
Ms. Jang.
Answer your phone.
Answer it.
The person you've dialed isn't available...
at the moment. Leave a message after the beep.
How could you send her alone to face Joo Hyun Ki?
What on earth...
were you thinking?
Goodness.
She'll be all right. You told me to trust her.
And you sent her to a death place?
Don't you know what kind of person Joo Hyun Ki is?
I'm going for her right now.
Kim Min Joon.
Thanks in advance, Ms. Jang.
Mr. Kim.
How did you know I was here?
Did you attach a tracker on me?
Are you out of your mind?
That's what I want to ask.
I told you.
I can't let Joo Hyun Ki chase after you.
And you went to him yourself...
and offered yourself to him?
What are you talking about?
He called me first.
You should've avoided getting involved with him.
Right, I shouldn't have gotten involved with this.
When you walked in our office...
and suggested a ridiculous bet,
saying you'd take over Mad Dog if you won,
we should've avoided getting involved with you.
- What? - Why couldn't you think?
Look what happened to Park Soon Jung,
On Noo Ri, and me who have nothing to do with you.
Don't try to be considerate now, Mr. Kim.
You're the one who offered us...
to them.
Secretary Han.
Do you think...
emotions are humans' weakness or not?
I'm not quite emotional these days,
so I'm not sure.
What do you know?
What's in your brain?
It must be so clean and empty.
Let's go.
Yes, sir.
Why aren't you eating?
Yellow tail is totally in season.
Try some.
There's a video...
of the original insurance policy.
And I have it in my hands.
So that's what they stole.
Good job.
It might ruin your reputation...
if it gets out to the public.
It won't.
It's all fake.
Whether it's a footage or copy,
it's not the original.
Still, it might cause a ruckus...
if the public finds out about it.
A ruckus within those ignorant people?
I just need to...
cover their eyes.
Chief On,
you're a great man who'll be leading...
our country in the future.
You shouldn't be bothered by such a tiny matter.
Take more care of your health instead.
Go ahead and eat.
I'm just thinking that your succession...
of the business management...
should be settled as soon as possible.
I think that was the problem.
I wanted to settle the issue quietly and quickly,
and it led the dogs...
and Taeyang...
to step in our company.
Anyway,
Special Investigation Team Two won't...
barge into JH,
so I'm going to take it slow.
Do you not think...
Special Investigation Team Two won't get JH?
How's your son doing?
Take care of him no matter where he is.
You might have abandoned him,
but he's still your son.
Have some.
You need to stay healthy to protect...
Korea and your son for a long time.
Are you saying Joo Hyun Ki...
told us to find Pentium...
and then bring him out with us?
Yes.
Chief On wouldn't budge...
according to his plan,
so I guess he needs Noo Ri.
I think it'd be a better idea...
to not look for Pentium.
What do you mean?
Pentium is waiting for us...
No, he's waiting for me.
And what about you, Ha Ri?
I can clearly tell Joo Hyun Ki isn't sane.
We need to look like...
we're doing something to deceive him.
Then what if Noo Ri gets in danger?
That'll be our fault.
That's not anyone's fault.
No one will blame you for that.
Family members don't blame each other.
This isn't what a family should do.
Aren't we a family?
We are.
Thanks, Soon Jung.
Thanks, Cheetah.
What?
What did I do?
I have a bad case of sun allergy,
so I really need my hat.
It's probably with my stuff.
Give me a second. I'll let the doctor know.
Okay.
Follow me, Cheetah.
You need to follow me well.
I have Pentium's location, Ha Ri.
Let's go.
What about Mr. Kim?
What about Kim Min Joon?
Mr. Choi told us to make sure we bring him.
Paju, Gyeonggi Province.
What are you doing here, Pentium?
There's a mental hospital nearby.
How could he...
lock up his own son in a mental hospital?
What kind of a father is he?
Is money and power that important?
Oh, gosh, I'm so sleepy.
I need to get some sleep.
Mr. Kim, you can't fall asleep.
- Why not? - You need to keep...
Ha Ri up, and give her something to drink too.
Will you be quiet?
Okay.
I'm not thirsty.
Come on, Ms. Jag.
"Tschuldigung."
What did you just say?
Doesn't that mean "I'm sorry"?
Ms. Jang, did you just speak in German?
You aren't the only one who can speak German.
You looked up the word.
I didn't.
I just took a guess.
There's tissue in the glove compartment.
I'm taking my stuff back.
No, you can't.
I haven't washed it.
Gosh, Ms. Jang. You're gross.
I've been busy because of someone.
I had no time to do my laundry.
Why are you moving away?
These are new.
I don't think so.
Hey, Kim Min Joon.
I finished investigating Cho Ha Eun's...
200,000 dollars claim and other unpaid claims...
of one million dollars.
And our conclusion is...
that it's right to process their claims.
Okay, process them.
Assistant Manager Park.
You must be disappointed in me.
What do you mean?
I demoted you as an assistant manager,
yet I made you do all the dirty works.
You probably began to feel skeptical about work.
Director Cha.
I'm a claims examiner.
And I worked for Taeyang for the last 16 years.
I plan on remaining at Taeyang Insurance...
to process rightful claims,
and to prohibit paying wrongful claims.
That's my job,
and that's what an insurance company does.
I will process this right away.
That's what...
an insurance company does.
(Kang Woo)
You came around faster than I thought.
Are you disappointed?
Disappointed?
I don't think we share such feelings.
I thought that was the case, but it wasn't.
We were family.
Family?
Since when were you and I family?
You were family to me.
You were a great sister and a great aunt...
to Mi Sook and Ju Won as well.
That's why I was always grateful.
If you want to talk about the past, I'm leaving.
Flight 801.
Was there a problem with the aircraft?
What was on the black box?
The fact that the aircraft was worn out...
and couldn't reach the control tower.
Were they all recorded on the black box?
I have no idea what you're saying.
Okay.
You couldn't have known.
There's no way.
If you knew,
you wouldn't have approved their insurance renewal.
You wouldn't have let...
Mi Sook and Ju Won...
get on the plane knowing that.
You were our family.
If you...
If you did it knowing that...
I didn't know.
Okay.
I'm sure you didn't know.
You didn't know.
What are you doing?
Are you recording this conversation?
Why would I do that?
Then what are you doing?
I'm looking for the person who caused the accident.
Forging Kim Bum Joon's insurance policy?
That's nothing.
That's probably something Chairman Cha did...
to cover up the accident after it happened.
The one we must take down is...
the one who let the weak aircraft fly,
Joo Hyun Ki.
You can't catch Joo Hyun Ki.
No.
You and Chairman Cha can't.
Two companies are involved in a weird relationship,
like succeeding the management rights.
So Hong Joo, I'll get him for us.
The original insurance policy...
which Joo Hyun Ki has...
will be testified as fake by Kim Min Joon.
The only thing we need is for him to testify that...
his brother took out the policy before 2010.
That leaves no problem for Taeyang Insurance.
Bring us the original black box.
Then we will...
let the world know that Flight 801 was...
a faulty airframe.
[VIU Ver] E11 Mad Dog "Help Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
On Noo Ri?
Kim Sang Min?
It's you, Noo Ri.
Gosh, it's been years.
This is the first time I see you...
after you quit high school.
Gosh, you're still really slow.
And do you still go around wearing this?
Stop it.
I was almost...
dying of boredom in this place.
I'm so glad to meet you.
I told you to stop.
Hey.
Do you still think...
I'm bullying you?
I'm only trying to help.
To get exempted from the army service,
it's better to have another symptom.
Exempted?
Stop acting so innocent.
Hey.
They're all here.
He's the third son of JC Group.
And that's the eldest of Oh and Park Firm.
That's the second son of Banul Group.
And me.
What's your diagnosis?
- I don't know. - You don't have to hide.
Hey, look.
I have a chronic shoulder dislocation.
Isn't it funny?
Yes.
What's funny about it? You idiot.
Nice shot.
Nurse Oh from Hanju Hospital recommended you.
She was my teacher...
in nursing school.
(Resume)
We have a vacancy...
that has to be filled quickly.
Can you start working today?
Of course. I'd love to.
I need some fast cash.
I'm very strong and fit,
so I'm perfect for controlling acting out...
We don't have patients like that.
Could you fill this form out?
Whatever you see or hear from here...
cannot be disclosed outside.
Okay.
(Confidential agreement)
This place is strange.
It's fishy.
(Woonrim Sanitarium)
What's wrong?
I smell fraud.
What's the reason?
There are no schizophrenics.
I've signed medical information...
protection agreement before,
but I've never had a sanitarium...
ask me to sign a confidential agreement.
Did you get changed?
Yes.
You can't use a cellphone in a sanitarium.
Please put it in the locker.
Okay.
We lost contact with Cheetah.
What should we do now?
2, 1.
9pm.
What?
Are you busy, Manager Park?
I'd like to give a tip-off.
It's a sanitarium fraud case.
What do you mean all of a sudden?
It's urgent. You need to raid the site today.
What do you mean by raid the site?
- Are you sure about it? - Yes.
I'll give you the name and address.
Look into it,
and get here before 8:30pm.
Goodness.
Ha Ri is so impatient.
I'd like a raid.
We're making...
a raid on a fishy sanitarium fraud case.
Put this on.
Why should I?
Aren't you going to go in?
- Are you going to watch? - What?
Turn around.
(Woonrim)
What's this?
This looks expensive.
Don't move.
Are you wearing long johns?
Are you cold? All right. Keep it on.
Is something over there?
No. There's nothing.
What an idiot.
Stop it.
Stop what?
Don't touch my cap.
Why can't I? We're friends.
Aren't we?
- What's wrong? - That little punk.
Is he bullying Pentium?
Bring us the original black box.
Then we will...
let the world know that Flight 801 was...
a faulty airframe.
Connect me to Secretary Kang of Chairman's office.
Is my dad in?
He is meeting with JH's Vice President Joo.
Okay.
You postponed the shareholders' meeting?
Wouldn't it be better...
to wait until things quiet down?
The 10 million dollars you gave me.
You used the unpaid claims...
and the planners' accounts as well.
Chief On keeps raising his head.
I'll push him down first.
Let's finish our deal later.
Can you handle him on your own?
You haven't even caught the dog yet.
It's not that I can't. I'm just not doing it.
Because I'm planning to catch something bigger.
Let's...
push Chief On down first.
Hong Joo. Why didn't you answer my calls?
Didn't you like my gift?
Dad, won't you head home?
I was about to.
Are you going to stay, Vice President Joo?
No, I'll get going.
I'm leaving.
Dad.
Why don't you end it with JH Group?
What do you mean?
Owning Taeyang Insurance is enough.
Please don't be greedy.
What are you talking about?
Stop your nonsense.
Get your stuff. Let's go home.
(Woonrim Sanitarium)
Is Manager Park really coming?
2, 1. 9pm.
He's coming at 9pm, right?
He will be here.
Aren't you hungry?
I am.
Sorry. I only have one.
Isn't that...
Manager Park's car?
Ha Ri.
How did you find this place?
It was so hard to get the data.
I found a few insurance claims from here.
They're really interesting.
How?
Patients are all males in their 20's and 30's.
This is up to 40 years old.
Schizophrenia, chronic dislocation,
herniated discs,
epilepsy.
You get it, right?
Get what?
Kim Min Joon, you've never served in the army.
I'm a German citizen.
So this place helps rich kids...
get exempted from military service.
Exactly.
Exempted from military service? What's that?
Those patients are bad people.
It's 5 minutes to 9pm. Shall we go in?
A hospital like that won't let us in.
The police isn't with us.
We can call the police.
Where did you get that?
You're still impersonating...
It's 3 minutes to 9pm.
Let's start.
We're from Taeyang Insurance...
Claims Examination Team.
(Jang Ha Ri, Claims Examiner)
Manager Park?
I'm Manager Park Moo Shin...
of Taeyang Insurance Claims Examination Team.
Claims Examination Team?
What brings you here?
We found something odd in the claims you filed.
Where is the director?
The director isn't in.
And you can't barge in here like this.
Please leave.
Did you just push me?
- Pardon? - Are you okay?
What are you doing?
I didn't do anything.
It's past 9pm.
What? What's going on?
A schizophrenic is acting out.
He has a weapon. Hurry!
Gosh.
What's this?
Pentium?
Is this emergency service?
This is Woonrim Sanitarium.
Please get here quick.
A patient got a weapon.
Mad Dog, you crazy dogs.
Don't come near. Stay away!
I'll kill him if you come near!
What? What's wrong?
I didn't give him a scalpel to do that.
He just went berserk.
Pentium, calm down.
Hey, what's wrong with you?
I told you...
not to touch my cap.
Okay. Calm down.
Is he crazy?
He's crazy furious.
Let's avert the attention and leave.
What will you do?
- You smoke, right? - Yes.
Give me your lighter.
We're ready.
Don't come any closer.
Or I'll kill this punk!
Pentium.
What?
- What's going on? - What?
Evacuate. Hurry.
Gosh.
- Evacuate the patients. - Hurry.
- Hurry up. - Let's go.
- You punk. - Cheetah.
Hey.
Let's talk later.
We received a report that the hospital fabricates...
medical diagnosis for the military duty exemption.
What?
Look at those patients.
This is a mental sanitarium.
But they all seem fine and sane.
Many of the patients have a ruptured disk,
but I saw them run down the stairs just now.
Let's talk more inside.
Okay.
Pentium.
Why don't you try seeing a psychiatrist?
I did every time I got locked up...
in a mental hospital.
I was diagnosed with schizophrenia,
a delusional disorder,
and a histrionic personality disorder.
Noo Ri!
You pathetic punk.
How dare you threaten me with a knife?
Where do you think you're going?
Why this little...
Cheetah.
Do you want to go to prison again?
- He's not your friend? - No.
What now?
Are you his lackey or something?
I'm not sure what that means,
but I'm his friend.
What was that, Mr. Kim?
Don't be a crybaby,
and let's leave before he stands back up.
Let's go.
It hurts so much.
Take Hyun Ki down only.
Don't touch Taeyang.
Taeyang didn't even crash the plane.
So there's no reason I would bring it down.
Don't worry, Hong Joo.
"Owning Taeyang Insurance is enough"?
Owning Taeyang Insurance is enough.
Please don't be greedy.
"Please don't be greedy"?
Secretary Kang.
Did anyone come in my office...
after I left?
Hong Joo did?
Go back to the office right now.
Yes, Ha Ri. Good job.
Yes, you guys have dinner first.
(Copying)
And Ha Ri.
Okay.
Pentium.
I'll tell you Joo Hyun Ki's phone number,
so track down his location now.
Okay.
Why are you asking for his location?
Mr. Kang must need it.
Okay. Let's go have meat to celebrate...
Pentium's discharge.
- Let's have pork. - Come on.
We have a landlord here to treat us.
Forget it, and just have pork.
Why did he ask for Joo Hyun Ki's location?
(Dad)
Yes, Dad.
What have you done?
How dare you steal my stuff?
How dare you ruin my plan?
Dad, you can stop now.
Taeyang will be safe.
Kang Woo...
Kang Woo?
Did you get lured by that punk?
- Why this stupid... - Dad.
However he persuaded you,
it's all a lie.
Do you know what it means...
that he fooled you too?
It means he fears nothing!
Check it yourself!
Yes, Hong Joo.
Kang Woo, my dad found out.
Where are you?
Me?
I'm on my way to see Vice President Joo.
Why?
What...
are you trying to do?
What do you think I am trying to do?
Wait and see, Hong Joo.
Young Ho.
You have a job to do.
Why aren't they coming down?
I know.
Eat before they get burnt.
Does it hurt a lot?
A little.
Does it feel better?
What?
How pretty.
I mean, your necklace.
I crave coffee.
Do you want it too?
Sure.
I'll go get it then.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
When are we going down?
Let's go down when Mr. Choi gets here.
Let those two young people enjoy their time alone.
What are you doing here?
Mr. Choi Kang Woo.
You've been sitting there...
and watching me drink for 30 minutes.
What a waste of time.
You feel bad wasting just 30 minutes?
67 casualties.
123 injured people.
Their families.
And there's a person...
who wasted the past two years...
without knowing anything.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
Mayday, mayday.
Jeju Tower, respond.
Gosh.
No!
Where...
did you get it?
Kang Woo.
Hong Joo.
Did you give it to him?
I'll call you again.
If you touch my people again,
I will kill you.
Kang Woo...
Kang Woo.
I thought I warned you.
You are not supposed to hurt my family.
Oh, gosh!
You surprised me, Pentium.
Mr. Kim, you get scared really easily.
Wait.
Why are you talking casually to me?
Aren't you the same age as Ms. Jang? You're 27.
You're two years younger than me.
Then you can speak casually to me too.
No, thanks.
I heard you only speak casually with friends.
That's why I'm asking you to speak casually.
You never know.
I might end up calling you Min Joon.
I'll think about it.
The meat might get burnt. Come along.
Gosh,
why is he playing hard to get?
Mr. Kim.
Min Joon!
What's with him?
Do you know him?
Pentium.
Pentium, Pentium.
Why isn't he coming?
Did you go to pick some coffee beans?
What's taking you so long?
Ms. Jang...
Mr. Kim.
What's wrong?
Help us.
Help!
(Mad Dog)
Make sure you remember.
We need to catch the guy who did this to Noo Ri.
Do you want JH?
What will you do now?
That means...
he'll need the black box.
He's holding a secret meeting...
in his unconscious son's hospital room.
Should I give a good barking...
in front of the entire nation?
I'm telling you to stop threatening me.
Mr. Choi did something very troublesome.
Should it be just us two from here?
Mr. Kim, turn around.
Where are you? Where are you right now?